Update architecture changelog: Fixed missing first null entry in the … (#834)
MicroEJ/docs: VEEPortingGuide/architectureChangelog.rst

    -  Added an API to relink the SOAR Model objects, i.e. change their associated addresses (used by the VEE Debugger Proxy to support ASLR Executables debug)
    -  Added new APIs to load Kernel and Features SOAR Model objects (used by the VEE Debugger Proxy to support Multi-Sandbox Executable debug)

- [ARMCC5] - Fixed :ref:`SOAR Debug Infos Post Linker <soar_debug_infos_post_linker>` tool to throw a dedicated error when the SOAR object file does not contain the debug section.

> - [ELF Utils] - Fixed missing first null entry in the symbol table generated by the Firmware Stripper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Multi] - Fixed missing first null entry in the symbol table generated by the Firmware Stripper.
```
